TF-Agentic-Engine
📖 Overview
Purpose: This engine converts scanned or legacy infrastructure JSON into modular, production-ready Terraform HCL using a local LLM. It automatically validates the generated code with Terraform and iterates autonomously until the syntax is completely valid.

🏗️ Core Architecture
The project follows a clean, modular structure:

main.py - Entry Point: Loads the mock infrastructure data and invokes the execution graph.

src/agent.py - Agent: Compiles the LangGraph StateGraph and exports the application (app).

src/nodes.py - Nodes & Routing: Contains phase generators (Network, Security, Compute, Data), the validation node, and the routing logic.

src/state.py - State Management: Defines GraphState and the create_initial_state() function.

src/utils.py - Utilities: Houses prompts, the LLM client, HCL regex cleaning, file writing, and Terraform validation logic.

config/settings.py - Configuration: Centralized constants including model name, Ollama URL, context limits, and max iterations.

⚙️ Runtime Flow
Load data from scanner/mock_infra.json.

Create the initial LangGraph state.

Execute domain nodes sequentially: Network → Security → Compute → Data.

Write the generated code to individual files inside the terraform_workspace/ directory.

Run terraform fmt to validate syntax and detect structural issues.

Route back to specific nodes to self-correct and retry until the code is valid or the iteration limit is reached.

🚀 Quick Start Guide
Follow these steps to set up and run the pipeline locally.

1. Install Dependencies

Bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
2. Verify Ollama Status
Ensure your local Ollama server is running and pull the necessary LLM for testing:

Bash
ollama pull llama3.2
3. Update Configuration
Open config/settings.py to update the model type and NUM_CTX (max memory) to match the model you just pulled.

4. Clean the Workspace
Remove any lingering Terraform files from previous runs to ensure a clean generation state:

Bash
rm -f terraform_workspace/*.tf
5. Run the Pipeline
Execute the main application to start the generation loop:

Bash
python3 main.py